# CS-340

**How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?**  
There are several components of code that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable. To achieve this, it's important to use detailed comments, detailed variable names, and keep functions simple by breaking things down into smaller pieces. By implementing something like CRUD in a module, it could easily be reused in a future program being used to create, read, update, or delete database entries in a MongoDB database.  
  
**How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?**  
When approaching any problem, I try to gain an understanding of the bigger picture first. Understanding what you are trying to achieve before thinking about how to implement it. It's also important to break the problem down into smaller chunks. In this project, the requirements were very clear which made it very easy to work on the project. In the future, I think I would take a similar approach although I think I'll have an easier time because I gained valuable experience in this course working with databases.  
  
**What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?**  
Computer scientists essentially solve problems using hardware/software. Technology enables us to be more productive in many types of tasks. In this project, our dashboard would help Grazioso Salvare more easily identify potential dogs that could be trained for rescue services. In our dashboard, this only takes one click, even for someone who is not tech-savvy. If Grazioso Salvare had to manually search through the spreadsheet of animals, it may take hours. If they had to sort through physical paperwork, it may take days. Our work greatly amplifies the productivity of a company like Grazioso Salvare. 
